Vidovic 9, however, ran out of the starting line today as one of four play now
against Brazil did not make it into the starting lineup
this new FCZ managed against Xamax what denies him against the Munich
he stayed forced the opponent to start his game on
Mandatory but Walldorf's not yet by Oliver Buff
the FCZ remained on the trigger
Eckert is in a double pass with Nikci
some Miezi afterwards fell
almost 20 minutes
xamax-goalie Bédénik not in this scene much is here
both here and Jan Lipke but customers continue to play later
xamax coach Caparros had set his team's defensive chances
new boats were therefore in short supply
But for once then Marx is in attack
Paris take the magic show the Leoni to a glittering parade
Kähler you take the header duel against the Spanish striker lost
Xamax though
which continues to be without hits this season
Nuzzolo at break in Zurich Letzigrund Time to relax for the 7900
spectator
but not for the Xamax 11 she added a few extra
Stretching exercises
the flexible team remained the FCZ albeit modest
level
try it from a distance after 59 minutes
that was the best thing to offer the FCZ in the second half until then
would have
So that the Ritchie start nobody satisfied
no question the heat was troubling the players
not just 9 million he did not want to set any impulses
but an additional drinking break but hoped but violently
limit Wiesbaden
the FCZ but the flank comes the time of only twelve minutes begins
play
which vote with the direct acceptance
the young Zurich keeper came into play shortly before
then the direct counterattack of the Neuchâtel
and here was the historic moment the first goal of Neuchâtel Xamax in the
current season Marx Veloso Kaminski Xamax
28 minutes had the Neuchatel have to wait until they finally into
hit the opposing goal
one to zero
Fitz on 1
it was already 87 ten minutes the FCZ tried the one answer
Bédénik most likely XVI
The ball was not brought under Navarro Letizia from close range
it was already the stoppage time
and it got even fatter for the FCZ Leoni with the most motivated and outside
this evening
and Sébastien Wüthrich knew no mercy
the 2 0 for Xamax in the 3
ninetieth minute
and at the same time the team result
Ironically, at the FCZ the thought leaders from big names
Europe is dreaming
Xamax eating his first hit
to better defend the networks
"It was when I was so Eugen and we were introduced to and have from their
Also not so the finds should be back but our game balked
at least not worth it
In the end, if she did not succeed, she would lose and thus be solid
the games
Nom -zins 2 at home against Xamax total disillusionment FCZ